Hi, I'm Jay Weidner, back
with Crotalo Excessivo,
ambassador from Damanhur.
We've been talking about
the lost city of Atlantis.
To review, the
leader of Damanhur
and his companion, a painter
travel to Atlantis via portal
in Italy.
They spent three nights
and three days in Atlantis.
They couldn't bring
anything with them.
So they returned with
stories of magical place
and quickly painted
what they saw.
When we last spoke,
we were talking
about the location of Atlantis.
Now there is evidence that
reportedly backs up your claim.
An underwater period of
the coast of the Azores
has been discovered.
Yes, there is evidence
about Atlantis.
And it's pretty cool in
these moments in times.
Well actually, the new, it's
coming from September, 2013.
Where just nearby the
Azor, they found out
that there are three pyramids
aligned with the pyramids
of Giza in Egypt.
And with the pyramid in
Chichen Itza in Mexico.
And it looks like the
evidence of something
that is really, really big
and huge under the water.
So , it is probably
the first evidence
that Atlantis is coming back.
Well it was prophesied
to come back to this time
and maybe that's
what's going on.
But I can't remember exactly
what the next image, but let's
look at it.
Oh Yeah, right.
This is the line between
Cuba and Spain and Portugal.
Yes, exactly and
maybe in the next one
we can see some little
green dot inside of all this
let's say the shape of
island are the Azor.
Here we go.
You see the little tiny green
dots, well this are Azor.
So where they found under the
water these three pyramids.
Atlantis was really
a huge island.
It was more or less one third
of what it is called Europe now.
So if some little
part survived, well we
are talking about a disaster
that was happening around
10,000 to 12,000 years ago.
So these are like the
tops of the mountains.
Something like that.
Something that is like to
imagine the Alps, the top
of the Alps for example.
In Italy on the top of
mountains and other places.
Like Hawaii.
Like Hawaii, exactly.
But it's really exciting to see
how in this moment of time that
is really an interesting
moment of transformation
for the planet.
Is the moment where all of these
information they're coming out.
So why did you have that line
going from Portugal to Cuba?
Is that just like the
line going through?
Because there's evidence of
Atlantis in the Cuba area,
that's why I ask.
Well definitely, well we can
also mention about [INAUDIBLE]
in the Bahamas, for example.
So it goes right through
like the Bermuda Triangle.
Yes, this is just to give
more or less the distance
between the two continent.
And also you probably
see the tectonic plates
of the planet that
is really crossing
the ex island I of Atlantis.
And unfortunately because we
are in such a delicate place.
So when there was a disaster
the island was really
collapsing into their ocean.
This is a good occasion
to see in how many places
of the planet we have
probably to rewrite
that issue of the humankind.
I recently met my friends
at the [INAUDIBLE] reach.
The men of the Bosnian Pyramids.
I'm sure you've heard about it.
We have specialized,
and I mean it's
pretty evident, that
all decide that we
went to visit many times.
So it's older than 30,000 years.
So it's absolutely incompatible
with the classical history.
So there's more
and more evidence
the origin of the human kind
and the origin of our society
are much more
complex and probably
very different
from what we study
in the classical history book.
Yeah, the discovery at
Gobekli Tepe for instance.
A city in Turkey which
now have been a carbon
dated 12,000 years old.
Just like everything seems to
be breaking our way recently.
There is probably already
a meaning why in this moment
that there could be a return
of Atlantis in this time.
Because of the internet
and interconnection
of the entire world,
it is like the world
could now be the Atlantis
and so just an island.
Well, yes, and there is
also other reason, maybe not
so classical, and
this is what I want
to share with everyone today.
So this is the painter.
Came back and started
painting these paintings.
We are just back in the
pictures that we saw last time.
We are on the ground.
We are in one of the
columns that are really
holding the surface Atlantis.
Many of these
columns, as you see,
are completely covered in gold.
I mean we are in front of a
very advanced civilization.
Probably a civilization
that we are representing.
One of the human golden age.
But unfortunately,
talking about Atlantis,
it's like to talk about two
completely different things.
One is really the
best of the best.
And one that is
probably will not
be one of the best of the best.
And I'm starting from
this picture is because
Imagine such a refined,
powerful, civilization.
And then imagine that all of
the sudden, everything's gone.
Yes for sure there
is a disaster.
There's a great flood.
Probably an asteroid
shooting the planet,
and creating this tsunami over.
And unfortunately the
morphology of the island
brings the island
really to collapse
into the ocean in a few days.
Well, it's pretty
difficult to understand
how they couldn't prevent
-Or save themselves.
Or save themselves.
So and I'm starting
from these pictures.
And now we can go
to the second one.
Because if we're enlarging the
little part of the pictures,
we see something that
is pretty interesting.
To try to give another
approach about Atlantis.
Or to talk about one
of the technology
that they was really
able to use correctly.
Right.
So this is an ancient
divination called karomakia.
Well if you want is the
divination with Toros.
There is still connection in--
They would sacrifice the bull.
Let's say in the
sacrifice of the bull,
that there is a sort
of reading of the sign.
Like to have a perspective.
We probably already
know that Atlantis
is using correctly a technology
that is very powerful.
But also very dangerous.
Like the time to technology.
Yes, many civilization
are talking
that time is like a territory.
So we can move in
this territory.
And I mean what is
very delicate, is
that when we move in
time, we will also
reach are the chain the event.
Let's say, if I'm
coming back 2000 years,
and I modify something
2000 years ago,
I'm modifying
something right now.
So it's extremely powerful.
But it's also
extremely delicate.
Because I can really change.
So the grandfather effect.
You go back and kill
your grandfather,
what happens to you.
And create a lot of paradox.
So this time technology that
many civilizations used.
There was also a possibility
sometimes to have
perspective about the future.
Because it's easy to
travel into the past.
It's almost impossible to
travel into the future.
Simply because
the future is what
we are creating
moment after moment
right now in our present.
So why they did some of
these and many other kinds
of exploration about
possible future.
Because even when we read the
[INAUDIBLE] when we [INAUDIBLE]
rooms.
So we are reading
some possible future.
What it means.
It means that OK, I can see
that probably can happen this.
If I knew that, is because
I can probably also
modify that possible future.
There's a reason
why I'm reading.
I want to know about
what can happen.
So many, many years
before the disaster.
Many different signs
many different messages
they was brought up
like this to say,
hey something
extremely dangerous
can happen to the plan
is something that could
be really a big, big danger.
For the entire
civilization can happen.
And here we are entering in
the second part of a Atlantis.
let's say the part
close to the end.
Unfortunately for every
human civilization,
well human are pretty good
to repeat the same mistakes.
You know what I mean.
So unfortunately we are so
difficult for us to understand
from the past experience.
So we are repeating, repeating,
repeating to the same things
and when you grow so fast
you become so powerful
so you have a power power.
Unfortunately it is an
instrument and is an issue
and it can also corrupt you
so when I can decide whatever
I want whatever I want.
So I'm going to use the power
to what I want over what I have
I'm supposed to use the power
how much my values my dreams
are guiding my action or
how much my ego is guiding
my action so we know
unfortunately that even
with the best game I mean if the
conscious inside is not awake
we can really lose
the way we can do
is the reason why we
are doing something
we create something we are
part of a civilization.
And this is the second
part of Atlantis.
So a power that
corrupt Atlantis.
It is not anymore the
testimony of this golden age.
But unfortunately, this is
testimony for use of the power.
Or just for the power
or just for the ego.
Let's say, they want
they can decide things.
I just want to mention some
of these pictures regarding
the most sacred
part of a Atlantis.
Underground like
in old tradition,
there are the most precious.
The more secular part.
Underground is like to enter
inside of the human body.
So every temple for example,
has a temple in the surface,
and then a [INAUDIBLE]
like in the church.
Under the ground because that
represent what is inside.
The soul.
The region.
The hidden part.
Exactly.
The secret, but
the secret in terms
of the mystery that has to--
Even today, the
cathedrals of Europe
have a crypt in
every one of them.
Absolutely.
So on the ground there are all
the sacred place of Atlantis.
Places where they are studying
also all the different life
forms.
And as you remember,
life forms that are
connected to this
planet, socially
connected to other places.
Because we know the
region of everything.
Is a colony that's
of something that
is coming not from this planet.
So this is one of these portal
were the guardians is just
reminding to [INAUDIBLE]
in the [INAUDIBLE]
that they are not
allowed to enter.
Just the people that are
really doing this research.
And in these very
rich, refined portal,
behind there are laboratory
starting older form
of life connecting to insects.
Just to give an idea.
-Everything.
Every kind of life form.
This is one of my favorite.
This is really powerful.
And this is really
represent the core.
The heart of Atlantis.
Not only because the
shape of this stone
is in a form of heart.
But this reminds us the
myth of the emerald tablets.
So here we have
all the knowledge.
To get this straight.
You're saying that all that
writing on there, that's
the emerald tablet writing?
So for those people don't
know the emerald tablet
was the writings
of Thoth or Hermes.
And all the secrets
of metaphysical life
are in the emerald tablet.
And you're saying that it
was originally Atlantis.
Exactly.
Also something that
contain the knowledge
about many different life form.
Again because we don't have to
forget that in the evolution,
the most important
elements is life.
And the diversity of life.
And actually, [INAUDIBLE]
they decided not to paint
exactly sign that they saw.
So this is not really
all the original one.
Simply for security reasons.
I completely understand and
appreciate why they do that.
It's like a [INAUDIBLE]
You can tell too much.
You can say too much.
It's good to know.
But then it's good who
has to know will know.
Exactly.
But it's definitely a picture
that give us a lot of energy.
Lot of power.
And also Poseidon, as you
know, is the main winding
forces of the time.
Is embracing, protecting,
this knowledge.
So it give us really at
the sense of the pressures
of this part of Atlantis.
Again, we are now underground.
We're really in one of these
huge caves that naturally,
in Atlantis, are creating
also the perfect spot
for the energy lines over
the entire planet Earth.
We went into that
in the last one.
The synchronic lines.
The one that are not only the
connection all over the planet.
But they are also the
connection that are connecting
the planets all over.
And the planet probably
to other planets and stars.
Exactly.
And to all the rest of the
galaxy and the other planets
connecting to the empire.
In this beautiful
picture of these.
Just the enlargement of the
detail about this stone,
we can really enjoy many
other details for other reason
now I'm not going enter.
Because I'm getting
close to give a meaning
about the end of Atlantis.
And also what could
be the reflection
in this time of Atlantis.
Because we talk about the
coming back of Atlantis.
So there's a meaning.
Let's go and for the next one.
And we are coming
back in the surface.
It's a beautiful sunset.
But also we have a picture that
is talking about the other form
of expression of art.
For example, below there
we see an amphitheater
just to remember that the
art is in every kind of form.
And someone told
me in the paintings
there are not
trees or vegetation
and things like that.
And I reminded to people
that they decided to describe
more the building or the
symbols, or the places
because there was more--
Anyone could draw a tree.
Evocative.
But just to let you know.
There was a lot
more vegetation,
but they weren't
interested in it
because they wanted
information which
is why it's important for.
Perfect.
A lot of point of
observation of the stars.
We know for which reason we
don't have to repeat that.
And in the next one
it's interesting.
Because they went to visit
the museum in Atlantis.
I like to go to New York
and then go to the fantastic
Metropolitan Museum.
it's really great and recently
I've been again there.
It never gets old.
Exactly.
So here we are
not in this space.
We're not in the stars.
And probably you see two
little figure just right there.
These are [INAUDIBLE].
About 9 o'clock
Exactly there.
These people are [INAUDIBLE].
They represent them
IN a very tiny way.
But because in these museum
they discover technology
that unfortunately we
are still not using,
that is a sort of
laser able to create
three dimensional figures.
and pictures.
So when you want to study
or to look around the stars,
it's is not cool just
walk around the stars.
Projected in this 3D.
Like a holograph?
Like a holograph.
But in a very complex
and a very refined way.
So they was just
walking into the stars,
but it was just in a
holographic projection.
-Got ya.
-Yes, we have some pictures.
They might look less exciting
compared to the others.
But they are part of
the history of Atlantis.
Because we don't have to forget
that the history of Atlantis
is a long history.
And they have an evolution,
as we have an evolution.
So they passed through many
different historical moment.
Like this one for example.
Well we don't know exactly
which kind of battle.
Or which kind of
kingdom is this one.
But it got it gives us the
ideas of old the process.
And all of the evolution
again maybe increasing
a to our process of evolution.
If we go to the next one,
we are in another pictures
about another battle.
Who know what is this,
a sort of [INAUDIBLE].
Well but here we can
really see different races.
We don't have to forget that
this is really a melting pot
of different races.
And we know these King or this
commander from which side is,
but it's really royal.
And it brings elements that
probably are representing
the power of that moment.
Like when we talk about
Genghis Khan and the Mongols
or we're going to
the Roman Empires
and then we go to
Alexander the Great.
And then we go to Napoleon.
So we are crossing
period of time like that.
Again, still a
historical moment.
Just to give other ideas
who knows this queen.
That this [INAUDIBLE]
doesn't look very happy.
And probably this picture they
saw really impressed Falco
in the [INAUDIBLE]
and then decided
to do it because it gives
a sense of something
that is not so far from us.
But pretty close.
Yeah, it's a
beautiful painting.
Again, other races also.
Some kind of a makeup.
Also a typical makeup
that we use in [INAUDIBLE]
now for our women.
And some ceremony
or special occasion.
She's spectacular looking.
Very, very spectacular.
Again, also the jewelry, and
the use of metals, as you know,
it's extremely
refined with metals
also coming from modern planet.
It's very similar to what
we call self or [INAUDIBLE].
Self in ancient
language means spiral.
The use of the sacred
geometry or if you want,
the archetype sign.
Combine it with metals
or different materials
to [INAUDIBLE] the vital energy,
transform it, and then donate
it for specific function.
A reason.
So here the reasons are
wonderful and beautiful
for effect.
What could be something
that looks like a jewelery,
but at the same time is
really also like an instrument
that we're using for itself.
So it's not just an environment
it's action as a function.
Absolutely.
if you know is also there's
the way to give meanings.
And what's going on here?
Well I don't want it
you have a bad impression
about [INAUDIBLE] because
she's not the queen,
she's not the princess.
She's not that important person.
Well everyone is important,
is not about a VIP.
But this is a picture took
from a woman into the restroom
into the bathroom.
-I see.
those statues of these
angelic beings are they real?
Yes.
No, of these are statues.
Structures.
And that if you remember, the
big palace this statue palace.
So that there's many element
that remind us again.
What we saw in the palace.
In what now is
inside of a bathroom.
Andy there are like
people dancing in the back?
This is just the reflection.
All these different lamp
that are creating light.
You remember that
we taught many times
about different kind of energy.
Using Atlantis like they
use in the magnetic field.
Probably even more
interesting the use of sound.
And the vibration of sound.
To create energy.
And also to create
physical affect
like levitation for example.
So she's a regular
person in Atlantis.
And he's just kind of taken
with her beauty or something.
Exactly.
Is she looking
into a mirror there?
Well we don't know exactly
what she's looking maybe--
She is quite beautiful.
Yes pretty beautiful.
And you see also in her
ankles again [INAUDIBLE].
A tattoo or something?
No this is again
is [INAUDIBLE],
so it's metals used to.
You see there is
also a little spiral
That just to remind us that
this is an instrument for her.
I would always say
that probably this
is used for the
circulation because it's
very similar to the self.
We are creating for that reason.
The beauty and the refinement
of these woman in the bathroom,
it gives us, again
how much refine was.
Even the common people.
So you didn't have to be
such an important one.
Everything is so refined.
And this is making
me even more upset.
The fact that the end
of Atlantis is doing.
It's a long way down.
Yes now we don't have
really pictures anymore.
We saw almost all of them.
We just skipped some
enlargement of the main one,
so just to be sure who
is following us knows
that there is everything here.
And there are now some
sketch the video did just
to again give the
impression and ideas
over the more common life.
So there are a life
that is probably not
so far from the life we have.
For example music.
With instrument that probably
that don't exist anymore.
But they are part of the
enjoying life, as usual.
Or in the next one
we see the ball game.
Playing a ball game, right.
It's similar to the
Mayan ball game, In fact.
Exactly, you anticipate me.
The ball game like in the Mayans
and in the Mayan's tradition.
And again is not just the game.
Or if you want is a
very serious game.
Because the game was
using it as a divination.
You can throw the stones
and then sit the stones are
moving and creating figures.
Or you could follow a match.
In how the match is going.
How the players are moving
inside of the match.
It's like to have a perspective.
It's like to have a reading
of a possible future.
Exactly how it was in
the Mayan's tradition.
So it was out retrial game.
Because it was out of
various use meaning
connect into the game.
Let go for something
even more interesting.
Well everything is Interesting.
I don't want to say it is not.
But here we have one
of the interpretation.
One of the big questions
mark of this planet.
Because as we mentioned
the Bosnian Pyramids.
But there are pyramid in Italy.
There are pyramids in China.
There are pyramid
made in America.
There pyramid in Russia.
There are pyramids in Africa.
There are pyramid
all over the world.
And as we know,
also a lot of them
under the water and the oceans.
And one of the big questions
is for which reason
there are these pyramids.
We cannot really imagine and
then they are [INAUDIBLE].
Not as the classical
archaeologist
trying to tell us.
Not at all also because
in almost no one
that we can really
find something
that could be a thumb of a
Pharaoh or important person.
And also I mean if the other
three pyramids in Giza.
The King that built
a little tiny one.
What is he saying that he's
not as good as the other two.
Exactly.
Come on, that doesn't
make any sense.
I just want a
little tiny pyramid.
It's not fair for a Pharaoh.
It's much more
important than that.
And also imagine Teotihuacan,
in nearby Mexico City.
An incredible site.
Where we have hundreds
of step pyramid.
Like the one we are
to describe here.
So for which reason they really
build all of this pyramid.
Why there are all of these
pyramids all over the planet.
And just to give another detail.
We know how our insides
simply because we
open a hole right in the middle
of the wall of the pyramid.
Like in the great
pyramid in Giza.
But the real entrance
are not on the surface.
It's down below.
People don't realize
that the entrance
that you go to in the pyramid
was actually blown up.
With the well they
actually carved
it with pick axes and vinegar.
Exactly.
If we're coming back
here, we might imagine
that these pyramid
there was something
more like, how to say, vehicle.
To move.
From one planet
for another planet.
To bring that colonizers.
Or the others intelligence that
was coming into this planet.
To create this different colony.
These different kind of empires
or planets, whatever you know.
And when Atlantis one of
the most important colony
becomes finally dependent
from these empires outside
of the planet.
And then, I mean, in a
very short period of time.
Becoming an empire too.
But base on the humans
of the planet Earth,
they decided to left this
pyramid all over the planet.
Pyramid that are not
functioning anymore.
But to remember not to forget.
Not to forget.
With it was the
beginning of everything.
From where we're coming from.
Also the risk of how it was.
The because when you
are colony, you are
at the control of someone else.
So you're not free Atlantis
was the demonstration
that it was possible to be
free from all of these empires.
So this is one all the
interpretation of why there are
pyramids all over this planet.
Why they have that
particular shape.
Why they follow the
precise measure.
Why they are done with
some materials like stone
that is the material that
resist more into time.
So not because they
are [INAUDIBLE]
not because they
are strange places,
but simply because they
was left as a memory.
And in this catch it
looks that the [INAUDIBLE]
with the [INAUDIBLE] help
is really describing that.
So places, instrument,
vehicle, for that function.
Yes, some of this catch are
part of the different kind
of architecture.
That again, is not just
the art of the beauty.
Because we are so
impressive about that.
But this is really the
art that are connecting
to the sacred geometry.
So these places are able
to capitalize energy.
Are able to create effect on
the matter on the physical form.
They are able also to
influence the subconscious.
The emotion.
The awakeness of people.
It's really the concentration
of etheric energy.
In the mathematical, scientific
way that we have lost.
Well but we are
used a say that all
is a translation of numbers.
Everything.
Everything is just a
translation of numbers.
So there's all the numbers
is the law that let's say is
managing the entire universe.
Let's go for the next one.
Again the detail of the art.
Now it becomes a little
bit different, also.
Because as I told you, there is
the positive side of Atlantis.
The best of the best.
And unfortunately,
there is the dark side.
Decided to take the control.
This side is really going
against their values.
And if we go to
the next one, it's
also politically speaking,
what is unfortunately
happening also this time.
When you are so powerful,
when you can really decide
the life or death of everyone.
I mean who cares.
You will do what you want,
not what you have to do.
And if you have to take
responsibility of choices
that maybe other
people will not like.
Or the population
would not like.
Well, you know what to do.
The better way is
to not do anything.
Just wait.
If the problem that
will be solved--
That's what's
going on right now.
Nothing's getting done.
Yes, it's pretty
humanistic, or sad,
to see how many analogy we
have with the actual situation
of our society.
And what it was going on
at the end of Atlantis.
A power that the respect
of the other life or that
caused some destruction
of the environment
but also political speaking
a class of politicians
it means that all taking
the responsibility
of their position making choices
because we elect them to make
choices not to sit-in a chair
so instead of making decision
b I just sitting on this year
we're just waiting there it
says try not to do anything
because they are not taken
in the weeks of their action so
even if there's maybe something
dangerous could happen if
you know then maybe you
have to take decisions
there will not be
a very popular to the people.
They will go like this.
Everybody's looking
somewhere else.
Not taking decision.
And then the dangers
becomes close and close.
They don't know
exactly what it is.
And also they believe
that because Atlantis
is so big so powerful.
What can happen?
Even if something happened
they will react as they need
and as they want.
Unfortunately, if we go
also in the next one.
These losing the
values because I
have to come back to the point.
Every societies based
on values on the dream.
Now here we're going to America.
American dream.
So if the dream is not awake
if the dream is not there,
so if you lose the dream
your starting to die.
You're starting to
really collapse.
And this is working
for every kind
of society, group organization,
business, et cetera, et cetera.
You've got me, I
completely agree with you.
I got to go to this
painting though,
because it's really disturbing.
Using of the values.
I get you are going.
Is also about manipulation of
all the DNA and genetic stuff.
So something that they can't.
We're crossing right now.
So this is where the
mythologies came from.
The center exactly the
centaur or the Minotaur.
They are in a mythological
animal or form of life.
It wasn't just mythical.
it was laboratory products.
They was produced from the
crossing of the genetic
between humans and animals.
Sure, it could be
done right now why not?
Exactly.
Why not?
And why not is which
is my direction?
Are my values that are
giving me the direction
and then there is a limit.
And not a limit because I
want to stop the research.
I'm not talking about that.
But I'm talking
about can I cross
the border between different
life form for example.
I will not do that.
Because this is really not
only unfair, but it against.
It's almost like an
airplane that's out to see.
It passes the halfway
on the gas tank.
You can either go back,
or you have to go forward.
And they cross that line,
there's no going back.
And unfortunately, this is
part of the last period of time
and in Atlantis.
There's not control.
There's no values.
Or the values are
completely, forget about it.
So they're starting
to manipulate.
They're starting to
create a monster.
They are starting really
to create very nasty stuff.
And this is also
about the capacity
to confront themselves.
This is just to give an idea
that's also if before Atlantis
is coming from the
integration of all
these different
races, diversity,
different point of view.
Different thoughts.
But now that begins changing.
No, now is this is the law.
This is the thought.
This is the direction.
And if you are not
in, you are against.
This is frighteningly close to
what's going on in our country
right now.
This is the risk.
Like this is the line.
If you cross the
line you are against.
You're killed.
Or you out.
Or you are in prison.
Or you are not allowed to
say something different.
This is very risky
in our society
because if you
lose the confront.
if you look at the different
point of view to get,
you are really starting to
get in big, big trouble.
So this is a policeman
who's just killed someone.
Yes, something like this,
well again the sketch
are just an excuse for
us right to describe
how was the end of Atlantis.
And its pretty upset again,
because Atlantis for all
us is this hope of
the better society.
Of the better civilization.
And now we discover
that oh my goodness,
this was actually pretty nasty.
And pretty negative.
Why?
Because again, it's
all in our hands.
Is only the conscious inside.
That can guide a big power.
If we lose the conscious we
are really, really big trouble.
It's our choice.
It's our choice is always
based on the last event power.
We call free will.
The power to make mistakes.
No I'm sorry.
The power the make
the right choice.
The freedom to make
a mistake though.
Yes, but if you are able to
learn from the mistakes well,
work on mistakes.
We get better.
If I can get better, if I
can become a better person.
But if the mistakes is
just to do whatever I want,
and not care about the result,
That is really serious.
These are details
of some instrument.
Well I'm in love with all
the research of sound.
And I'm not the only
one in this planet.
And the effect of the sound.
[INAUDIBLE] incredible healer.
They're using sound.
Sound healing, sound technique.
Many video symatics
and Hans Jenny's work.
Absolutely, and also that
the the mystical journey.
The shamanic journey is
many times based on mantras.
Or frequencies of sounds.
You're repeating, repeating
the prayer, the words.
And then that's
frequency that you get
is all that is on
top of what you say.
What you are
producing or chanting
is creating physical effect.
And so, the sound technology
is one of the most interesting
technology use in Atlantis.
Used for creating energy.
Producing energy.
But also to create
this anti gravity.
This levitation effect.
Probably a knowledge that
also other civilization.
It was keeping secret as
a very precious things.
And then used to
create their temple,
their city, their places.
There is so many evidence.
That places like Machu
Picchu for example.
How could they get
all that up there.
I mean, and they
took have piece
of stones that was hundred
kilometres far from the place.
On top on the mountain, and then
perfectly shaped with 4/8 12
angles.
And then keep it together with--
Can't even get a razor
blade between the rocks.
It's almost impossible for us.
It is impossible for us.
I can talk about Columbia.
I can talk about Italy,
We can talk about Bolivia.
We can talk about Europe.
We can talk about again,
all over the world
there is evidence of
advanced technologies.
Advanced civilization.
Well so maybe we're
going to understand
from where they're coming from.
Because definitely,
probably they
are part of the same mother.
-Sure.
So this is a speaker here?
Sound system, I mean is not
for create sound for music.
But something that is
able to create vibration
frequencies to then create
these physical effect.
The next one is just
to remind you one more
time the region of everything.
Something that is not
coming from this planet.
Something is coming
very far away.
But also in the universe
The concept of human
is not only connected to having
one head, two arms, and legs.
Well, human is more about who
is the driver of the body.
And the driver is the soul.
The human soul.
Right.
So this is just an instrument.
We're using these instrument.
Actually also, for
such a long time.
And then we left.
And then we will
be back, hopefully.
Using another machine.
Another instrument.
Another body.
So we can imagine that this
body is adapt for this planet.
For the element of this planet.
For the enivironment,
and microorganisms.
Perfect.
In another planet, maybe.
It will be different.
So when we talk about human.
Or human soul.
Or human race.
We don't have to stop
just with a picture of us
in front of the mirror.
But we can have probably to
open a little bit more the idea.
What is really the
driver of this body.
The drivers of this machine.
Our soul.
And is the soul that is
doing this time travel.
The reincarnation is
the as I told you.
Reincarnation is time travel.
It's the low cost
of the time travel.
Low tech, low tech time travel.
There is a lot of work to do.
OK well let's come back.
It will take some time.
then we can do something.
Let's go for the next one,
and this is just an idea .
And I know that it's
not really a nice idea.
But this really gave me the
chance to talk a little bit
more about the act.
Yeah, let's talk about this.
Because danger signal or
messages of danger is coming.
Just ignore them.
Who care's we're the strongest.
Were the most powerful.
And then unfortunately,
what happened.
This asteroid, this
bigger rock coming
from the outside of the planet.
And unfortunately
we know that it's
an event that is pretty common.
I don't want to say
that every day, but yes.
Everyday is a crap shoot.
OK.
And just a little piece
can really create disaster.
You're right.
In this case, it is not
really a little piece.
Is really big piece.
And then the disasters
really were white.
Is what the data,
what the Bible is
describing as the great flood.
Well then there is the
interpretation of god that
is so angry with the human.
But definitely
the physical event
is a disaster that will change
the face of the planet Earth
completely.
Because these gigantic
tsunami will bring the coast
all the continent to
disappear under the ocean.
For sometimes also 20,
30, 60 meters below.
That's reason why we talk
about the underwater research,
in term of archaeology,
that is so exciting now.
Because under the water they
are finding a lot of things.
That's right.
Like in the Japanese islands.
Like in the Sri Lanka.
Like in Alexandra in Egypt.
Like the Azor for the pyramid.
But probably also,
many people know
about these huge crystal pyramid
in the Bermuda Triangles.
So under the water
looks like there
is the real book of the
history of the human kind.
So the disaster is
really incredible.
And it's in few days
the disappearing
of the island of Atlantis.
And with the island is the
end of this [INAUDIBLE]
civilization.
So let's try to give another
perspective of this ends.
Actually, historically
speaking, is not really the end.
Because years later we
have to imagine Atlantis.
The big island.
But also we have to
imagine that Atlantis
has many different colony in
different parts of this planet.
What now we call a Egypt.
What now we can call South
America, Chile, Peru.
What we can call North America.
What we can call
Europe, Asia, and so on.
Colonies that
Atlantis was manage
has unfortunately the other
empires that was doing with us.
The repeating of
the same mistakes.
Definitely we are talking
about a different planet.
There is a planet
before the flood.
And there was a planet
after the flood.
For example, what
now we call Egypt,
it it was the agricultural farm.
-That's right.
All of the Sahara
Desert was a farm.
Very fertile.
But after it was a desert.
Just to give you the idea.
So after the disaster,
there was one colony.
That is survive pretty well.
I mean, pretty well in
a situation that is--
Horrible.
I mean it is more than
horrible, probably.
Because we can imagine also the
effect for many, many years.
In terms of the radiation.
In terms of the sun
that cannot warm
up the planet anymore
for all the [INAUDIBLE]
in the atmosphere.
For the radio communication.
And also for the
immediate disappearing
of many technology.
Just imagine if something
like this will happen today.
We will have the
car, but then we
don't have the petrol and
all the chain that created,
ya know.
Can't grow food.
Can't do anything.
Exactly.
So one of these colonies
survived pretty well.
And it will be, let's say,
an opportunity to Atlantis
to try to recover
Atlantis and to bring
back Atlantis to the planet.
I'm talking about the islands
of Santorini in Greece.
The big island.
Because actually now,
that island is only at 30%
because unfortunately, there
was a volcano eruption that was
destroying the entire island.
So Santorini was the last
possibility for Atlantis
to recover to try
to let's say, keep
together the entire empire.
But unfortunately,
after a few years.
Also this last
possibility was gone.
A volcanic eruption was
destroying more than 70%
of the island.
And this is really
the end of the end.
Let's come back.
Let's try now to probably give a
meaning to what's going on now.
Because we didn't talk so
much about spirituality.
We didn't talk about
spiritual master.
the esoteric project.
Where the esoteric
project is the project
to spiritualize the matter.
To bring the entire
matter to become light.
We talk about probably
the first time.
So these esoteric projects,
and these spiritual masters.
Well who are the
spiritual masters.
Are people in light.
Like the Christ.
Like Buddha.
Like Prometheus.
If you want the same
conscious, it is coming back.
Why.
Because the enlightenment
of one person is not enough.
We need to enlight a
certain number of souls.
And to make these
irreversible for all the rest.
So why they're coming back.
To help.
To teach.
To show how to do it.
To make it happen.
So they did, they
still come back
and they're doing their job.
Helping to find their way.
And then to cross this
way to enlightenment.
So the esoteric project and
the spiritual master-- I mean
is a story besides
this classical story.
And they are always
inside of this planet.
In every time in every moment.
So also Atlantis also in that
very difficult moment of time,
just near the end.
So let's imagine that
in the Atlantis society
there are souls.
People and light people,
spiritual master.
And this spiritual master, let's
say they know that something
really that could just happen.
They know that they
could also disappear.
What represents in
terms of evolution,
when we talk about Atlantis.
Because we can imagine
that before Atlantis,
doesn't matter if they was
acting good or I acting bad.
But before Atlantis, the level
of evolution was like this.
After Atlantis, where is
the level of evolution?
Down.
OK, so they know
there's something
that is going to happen,
so what they tried to do.
They decided to
abandon Atlantis.
So abandon the big island.
To find places.
Let's say safety not enough.
But safe also in
terms of disaster.
And if you think that
a disaster will come,
you will not stay nearby
the sea, for example.
A very bad place.
You're going to be
up to the mountain.
Why, also because
the mountain they
are again a natural spot to
connect the synchronic lines.
And this souls also, the
source of this spiritual master
from where they are coming from.
From these synchronic lines.
So this they found places safe
enough from the big island.
They arrive in
one of the colony.
From the colony
they disappeared.
They arrive in these places.
And they're not alone.
So other people they
believe in what they teach,
in what they say.
So little by little
from Atlantis,
in different part of the planet.
Tibet.
The Andes.
Different places.
Different spiritual community.
-The Hopi.
Secret society these was based
on these people's master.
Then the people that
was following them.
That was believing in them.
They are all in contact.
And what they brought with them.
They brought technologies.
They brought what
they call it see.
Like, OK, if everything
would really go wrong,
I will keep see that at the
right time, maybe a long time
after.
But see that they will
give back the opportunity
to the human kind.
-To rise up.
To rise up.
So they bring technology.
They bring see.
They are separate, even
if they know each other.
So this is like the
stories of Quatzequatel
coming to Maya
Mexico with seeds.
And teaching them how to
plant food and how to write.
And Oros-- and Oros and
Prometheus and all of them.
-And how to respect women.
-Exactly.
So they are creating
this secret society.
Atlantis becomes more
and more suspicion.
Too many people
are disappearing.
are where they are.
There is something
against Atlantis.
So they're going
to look at them.
And unfortunately they
found some of them,
and they destroy it.
Kill them, everyone.
So all these different
secret society they start
not to be in contact anymore.
Too dangerous.
if they find one, they
can find the others.
What happened, unfortunately,
we know what happened.
Is the disaster.
Is the catastrophe.
So, they are the only one left.
Or they are left.
Very little islands of
the Atlantian knowledge.
But they aren't in
communication any longer.
Yes, but can you imagine
it's after the disaster.
The planet is
completely upside down.
Atlantis disappeared.
There are survivors.
But the situation is
really, really difficult.
So you are a secret society.
So you have knowledge,
energy, seeds.
OK, I survived.
Because unfortunately,
I was right.
Right at the end you
could make two choices.
You can make a
choice and say OK.
I don't want to
be there anymore.
Human kind is doing
so many mistakes.
I will keep everything
still secret.
I will work to bloom the seed.
I will work to
write up the planet.
Maybe only the right moment.
But I will hide myself.
I will keep myself and
my community secret.
Because it is too risky.
What else.
Who choose that choice
probably are shambala.
[INAUDIBLE] In all these
medical secret societies.
Others, they decide to open.
To open their knowledge.
To open their technology.
And then to gather the survivor.
To do what.
We try to create a civilization.
All for a better civilization.
To give a chance
for the human kind.
Maybe civilization what now
we call, Mayas, we call Incas,
we call [INAUDIBLE] we call
pre-Greece civilization.
We call them Toltecs and Olmecs.
I mean now it makes sense why
they have the same language.
They have the same idea
about life, god, stars.
They know exactly about time.
And they have very
refined calendar.
They have book of knowledge.
It's the book of the
death for the Egyptian.
Is the Popul Voh for the Mayans.
Is the [INAUDIBLE]
for the Tebetans.
But is with a formulas
we did technical things
to make it happen.
In the method of things that
otherwise are impossible.
They have more as
the same technology.
They have the same
attention to the death.
To the beyond.
To after death.
Why.
Because probably they knew.
It's their most
important knowledge.
But they knew also
that unfortunately,
in front of them.
There is a long period of time.
A long time territory.
Where things are not
really so exciting.
Or they would be
even more difficult.
And only after a
long period of time,
they would be finally the
right occasion to do what.
To bloom the seed.
To give back an
opportunity to rise up
the evolution of this planet.
So that's the reason
why the Egyptians was
so almost upset about death.
And all their ritual
and the mummification.
Why.
Because it was trying to guide.
What.
Their reincarnation.
Guide them to come back.
But come back where.
And when.
When and where there
will be finally
the time for bloom the seed.
And this was going on for
many civilization for very,
very, very, very long time.
To prepare the right moment.
To prepare the new age.
The new golden age.
The age of the re-awakening.
The age of the opening
up of the spirituality.
They age able finally to
brings back opportunity
for the entire human.
And that age is right now.
Well I would love to
change this picture.
Because I like to
talk about this.
Let's change that picture.
OK, so that's where we sit in.
Because that is,
in a way, that's
the goal of the guy on TV, too.
Is to help them create
this new awakening
and recreate the golden age.
The second golden age.
Exactly.
So I don't have to tell you.
I don't have to tell you that.
So Atlantis has built
a warning and a hope.
It's a teaching and at
the same time, a warning.
So I don't have to tell
you that is the age.
This is the time.
This is the, you know
that requires age.
The re-awakening of
the spirituality.
It's in these time also
something that was not planned.
It's here.
What that I can talk a
little bit about Damonhur.
Damonhur is one of
these seed if you want.
One of these seed that
is blooming at this time.
Representing
something this could
be a perfect secret society.
Because we are a few hundred
people close to the mountain.
Digging in the ground.
Creating a huge
underground temple.
With ancient knowledge,
we've ancient language.
We ancient technology
centric and everything.
But oops we are
not secret anymore.
We are front are what
we are travelling
we are inviting people to--
There's no secrets anymore.
Yes because the best
way to hide a secret
is to bringing the secret
in front of everyone.
Nobody will see about that.
So we could be a
perfect secret society.
But the role that we
are playing this game
is to be in front of everyone.
It could be two
we inspired work.
Is to give the chance to
have a spiritual accelerator
like the temple.
Because who's coming to visit.
Who's coming to
meditate in this place.
Is receiving.
When they receive to
wake up their memory.
To woke up why they are here.
Because if we're
here, my friend,
is because we are
the right people.
The right soul.
In the right moment.
To change this planet.
To bloom the seed.
And also to bring back Atlantis.
Well no that's part of Atlantis.
Not the bad one.
Maybe also that part
of evolution if we
lost when Atlantis disappeared.
Maybe who knows, to go
in different time travel
is not possible anymore.
To change these
events the asteroids
because it's impossible.
Is moving too many things.
-You can't do it.
You can't survive.
-Maybe you can change it.
Maybe the good
Atlantian will survive.
And if they survive
all of a sudden someone
will discover right now,
that Atlantis was there.
That Atlantis was
doing this and that.
That Atlantis was,
as I mentioned,
advise advanced civilization.
They was using technology
that we still are not using.
And these will bring
the book of history
to be completely rewrite.
And these will be a shake
for the conscious of billions
of people around the planet.
Because people
say oh my goodness
coming in off from
slaves it was just
pulling in all a piece of rock.
But I'm coming from a
completely different
perspective evolution.
So for us, is
important to follow
in all of these researcher.
As the wasn't pyramid.
As now India's.
Or the others and to do
more there or the other
is another planet because they
could be one of the evidence
that these Atlantis
time is coming back.
And the good part
of the Atlantis
will finally help us to bloom
a seed that will accelerate
the evolution of the
conscious of billions
of people on this planet.
And this is also the reason
why there is Damonhur.
It is inspiration.
Damonhyr is a place where
to reawake the memory.
Not to become [INAUDIBLE]
because we don't
want to settle on the truth.
We are just an instrument.
But an instrument, a service
of all of this project.
A project that is the big
picture of the history
of the human kind
Wow thanks,
Crotolo [INAUDIBLE],
ambassador from Damonhur.
Thank you.
Thank you, Jay.
Really pleased to be here.
And I'm really looking
for the next one.
Thank you.